SDKS-4947 Update README files (#187)
ForgeRock/ping-android-sdk: davinci/README.md

[![Ping Identity](https://www.pingidentity.com/content/dam/picr/nav/Ping-Logo-2.svg)](https://github.com/ForgeRock/ping-android-sdk)

# DaVinci Module

> DaVinci is a flexible Android library for Authentication and Authorization, utilizing the PingOne DaVinci orchestration engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DaVinci module is a flexible authentication and authorization library, for integrating the PingOne DaVinci orchestration engine into your Android apps.
```
